feat(curriculum): create CSS Pseudo Classes quiz (#56659)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-css-pseudo-classes/66ed9002f45ce3ece4053eb6.md

#### --text--

What are pseudo-classes?

#### --distractors--

> It is a CSS rule that creates additional content within an element when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are CSS rules that create additional content within an element when needed.
```

---

> It is a property that adjusts an element's size or layout on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are properties that adjust an element's size or layout on the page.
```

---

They are selector used to add movement effects to an element during interactions.

#### --answer--

They are keywords added to a selector that change how an element looks or behaves when it's in a specific state

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-class applies when you hover over an element?

#### --distractors--

`:focus`

---

`:active`

---

`:checked`

#### --answer--

`:hover`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-element allows you to style the first letter of a paragraph?

#### --distractors--

`:first-letter`

---

`:first-child`

---

`:last-of-type`

#### --answer--

`::first-letter`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-class changes the style of an element when you click on it?

#### --distractors--

`:focus`

---

`:hover`

---

`:checked`

#### --answer--

`:active`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which pseudo-class is used to select and style when an element is focused?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which pseudo-class is used to select and style an element when it's focused?
```

#### --distractors--

`::focus`

---

`:active`

---

`:visited`

#### --answer--

`:focus`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `:hover` pseudo-class do?

#### --distractors--

It styles your element when you click on it.

---

> It makes your element float around the screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It makes your element float around the screen.
```

---

> It hides elements on click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It hides elements on click.
```

#### --answer--

> It styles an element when you hover over it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It styles an element when you hover over it.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-class is used for an input field that is checked?

#### --distractors--

`:required`

---

`:disabled`

---

`:optional`

#### --answer--

`:checked`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is the correct syntax to style the last child of a list?

#### --distractors--

```css
li:nth-child(last) {
  color: blue;
}
```

---

```css
#li:last-child {
  color: blue;
}
```

---

```css
.li:last-child() {
  color: blue;
}
```

#### --answer--

```css
li:last-child {
  color: blue;
}
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-class applies when an input field is optional?

#### --distractors--

`:required`

---

`:enabled`

---

`::optional`

#### --answer--

`:optional`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `:disabled` pseudo-class do?

#### --distractors--

> It styles checked inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It styles checked inputs.
```

---

It styles elements being hovered over.

---

It selects elements that do not match a given selector.

#### --answer--

It styles elements that are not available for user interaction.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-class is triggered when a form input is valid?

#### --distractors--

`:checked`

---

`:required`

---

`:disabled`

#### --answer--

`:valid`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which one of these is not a Location pseudo-class?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which one of these is not a location pseudo-class?
```

#### --distractors--

`:visited`

---

`:scope`

---

`:link`

#### --answer--

`:current`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following selects the 3rd child in a row?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which of the following selects the third list item?
```

#### --distractors--

```css
li:child(3) {
  color: red;
}
```

---

```css
li:last-child(3) {
  color: red;
}
```

---

```css
li:nth-child(three) {
  color: red;
}
```

#### --answer--

```css
li:nth-child(3) {
  color: red;
}
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-class is used for the current active link?

#### --distractors--

`:focus`

---

`:hover`

---

`:visited`

#### --answer--

`:active`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `:not()` pseudo-class do?

#### --distractors--

It adds styles to all elements.

---

It selects all child elements of a parent.

---

It selects elements that match a given selector.

#### --answer--

It selects elements that do not match a given selector.

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `:nth-child(4)` pseudo-class do?

#### --distractors--

> It selects the last child

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It selects the last child.
```

---

> It selects all children

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It selects all children.
```

---

> It styles odd children

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It styles odd children.
```

#### --answer--

> It selects the 4th child

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It selects the fourth child.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `:last-of-type` pseudo class do?

#### --distractors--

> It selects the first child element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It selects the first child element.
```

---

> It selects the middle element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It selects the middle element.
```

---

> It selects every element in a group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It selects every element in a group.
```

#### --answer--

> It selects the last child element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It selects the last sibling element.
```

#### --text--

What are pseudo-classes?

#### --distractors--

It is a CSS rule that creates additional content within an element when needed.

---

It is a property that adjusts an element's size or layout on the page.

---

They are selector used to add movement effects to an element during interactions.

#### --answer--

They are keywords added to a selector that change how an element looks or behaves when it's in a specific state

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-class applies when you hover over an element?

#### --distractors--

`:focus`

---

`:active`

---

`:checked`

#### --answer--

`:hover`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-element allows you to style the first letter of a paragraph?

#### --distractors--

`:first-letter`

---

`:first-child`

---

`:last-of-type`

#### --answer--

`::first-letter`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-class changes the style of an element when you click on it?

#### --distractors--

`:focus`

---

`:hover`

---

`:checked`

#### --answer--

> `:active`
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`:active`

```

let's not add extra empty lines

Which pseudo-class applies when an input field is optional?

#### --distractors--

`:required`

---

`:enabled`

---

`::optional`

#### --answer--

`:optional`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `:disabled` pseudo-class do?

#### --distractors--

It styles checked inputs

---

It styles elements being hovered over.

---

It selects elements that do not match a given selector.

#### --answer--

It styles elements that are not available for user interaction.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-class is triggered when a form input is valid?

#### --distractors--

`:checked`

---

`:required`

---

`:disabled`

#### --answer--

`:valid`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which one of these is not a Location pseudo-class?

#### --distractors--

`:visited`

---

`:scope`

---

`:link`

#### --answer--

`:current`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following selects the 3rd child in a row?

#### --distractors--

```css
li:child(3) {
  color: red;
}
```

---

```css
li:last-child(3) {
  color: red;
}
```

---

```css
li:nth-child(three) {
  color: red;
}
```

#### --answer--

```css
li:nth-child(3) {
  color: red;
}
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> _____ pseudo-class is used for the current active link.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which pseudo-class is used for the current active link?
```

#### --distractors--

`:focus`

---

`:hover`

---

`:visited`

#### --answer--

`:active`

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `:not()` pseudo-class do?

#### --distractors--

It adds styles to all elements.

---

It selects all child elements of a parent.

---

It selects elements that match a given selector.

#### --answer--

> It selects elements that do not match a given selector.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It selects elements that do not match a given selector.
```

an other extra line

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `:nth-child(4)` pseudo-class do?

#### --distractors--

It selects the last child

---

It selects all children

---

It styles odd children

#### --answer--

It Selects the 4th child

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `:last-of-type` pseudo class do?

#### --distractors--

It selects the first child element

---

It selects the middle element

---

It selects every element in a group

#### --answer--

It selects the last child element

### --question--

#### --text--

> Use ____ to select the second item in a list.

Reviewer: This one has not been addressed.

#### --distractors--

`:first-child`

---

`:required`

---

`:is()`

#### --answer--

`:nth-child(2)`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which one of these is a functional pseudo-class?

#### --distractors--

`:first-child`

---

`:last-of-type`

---

`:checked`

#### --answer--

`:is()`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which one of these is not a functional pseudo-class?

#### --distractors--

`:has()`

---

`:not()`

---

`:where()`

#### --answer--

> `::before`

Reviewer: This one is not resolved either.

#### --text--

What are pseudo-classes?

#### --distractors--

It is a CSS rule that creates additional content within an element when needed.

---

It is a property that adjusts an element's size or layout on the page.

---

They are selector used to add movement effects to an element during interactions.

#### --answer--

They are keywords added to a selector that change how an element looks or behaves when it's in a specific state

> ## --quiz--

Reviewer 2: you should not add new headers, please go through the file and remove this header. there is only one per file at the top

### --question--

#### --text--

Which pseudo-class applies when you hover over an element?

#### --distractors--

> :focus

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`:focus`
```

use backticks around code things, please make this change in all the file

#### --answer--

It selects elements that do not match a given selector.

## --quiz--

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the :nth-child(4) pseudo-class do?

#### --distractors--

It selects the last child

---

It selects all children

---

It styles odd children

#### --answer--

It Selects the 4th child

## --quiz--

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the :last-of-type pseudo class do?

#### --distractors--

It selects the first child element

---

It selects the middle element

---

It selects every element in a group

#### --answer--

It selects the last child element

## --quiz--

### --question--

#### --text--

Use ____ to select the second item in a list.

#### --distractors--

:first-child

---

:required

---

:is()

#### --answer--

:nth-child(2)

## --quiz--

### --question--

#### --text--

Which one of these is a functional pseudo-class?

#### --distractors--

:first-child

---

:last-of-type

---

:checked

#### --answer--

:is()

## --quiz--

### --question--

#### --text--

Which one of these is not a functional pseudo-class?

#### --distractors--

:has()

---

:not()

---

:where()

#### --answer--

> ::before

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`::before`

```

let's not remove EOF lines
